Update wallet-browser.md (#4914)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/explore/wallet-browser.md

   `!faucet 0x6c04ed5110554acf59ff1b535129548dd9a0c741`
   Replace the address in the command with your wallet address.

> The channel bot displays a message that "5 test SUI objects are heading to your wallet". You can then see 50,000,000 SUI tokens in your wallet, nice!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The channel bot displays a message that starts with "5 test SUI objects are heading to your wallet..."
```

The message is outdated and we don't need to document the whole message here so it's less likely to get outdated
